the new adaptation reference file:https://i.pinimg.com/736x/35/72/b8/3572b8984362cd49fcf9c0e1d0e3b761.jpg

intensity 1- same as defined following
intensity 2- add color tints to the drawings. minimal special effect ( not anything apart from described)
Intensity 3 -add a special effect like animie ( add some special effect - like for sad water strream flowing )





"Neutral" is good. just make the eye 5 % smaller and the pupils a bit closer to the center of the head


"Happy" is good but we need to have a  pupil ate the center of eye- basicallaly a pupil that touches the bottom arc

"Content" is same as the happy .. which is ok but it need to be modified - see pleased from this image (row1 last column).. the cropped circle with 30 percen tot top cut and a bigger pubpil 10% bigger dia as compared to current excited. moticable tint of color..

for "excited" make the pupil 50% bigger and create bright yellow sparkle like the happy in the ref file last row 4th column.

Sad need to be redone check the Concerned ( row 4 last column)in the ref file two different eyes the lfet eye is cropped on top and bottom- top crop is curved.. the pupils are closer to the cnetersof eyeline. the right is full eye with the ball in cohesion with left. the right lcd is three purpule lines. create a drop of cyne water drop out of left eye

melancholic need to change as well- it must e like the cold in the ref sheet ( row 6 column 4) two not fully circles cropped from top .. slightly different sizes .. eyeboles at the right end.. use the inspiration for tthe file.

sympethic must be like serious ( row 2 - column 3) see the eye shape- I love it  for this. left and right eyes are a bit different size the right being a bit smaller.

angry is not good at all- it must be irritated (color eyes deep orange, row 3 column 4) shape must be as it is in diagram in the file left eye cropped from top and bottom ledt only top but both eyes look of similar size

fustrrates must be same as disgusted (row 4 column 2).. two eyes of cropped at angle -left from top while right from down- color purplish white)

scared is good  just crop reft eye near left as in diagram (row 2, column 2)

for curious use curious (row 5, column 1)

for surprized , it is good already but can you add a colorfull lines  after left like at the bottotm as there is one on Flirty ( row2 column 5)

Fo2 sleepy eyes use Tired (row 3 column 2) .. 

for Wink use Devious (last row column 2)



update -- i thing the perception of left and right this wrong - the pupils are actually mooving away from each other in the cases


Happy must be upper arc as it was before you changed it jut add  visible pupil thats is on touching the lower curve
  2 must not have sparkeles .. th yellow colorer must be closer to  yellow tint 
  3 only the right eye must have sparkle deep yellow na 200% bigger and on the righter edge of the lcd


content- 
  1. good - just move the pupil closer to each outher
  2. 2 must be just a hint of yellow no fx
  3. i like the outer animation bu remove the pink dot 



Happy - make the yellow color of eye (sparkle color is good) even more muted ( just barely noticable yellow). the pupil must be 50% smaller #fdffdd

Content is the best one just must be 	#edf2d8



excited - get rid of white dot from the pupil (we already ahve sparkle)
1.  must have black sparkle too 
2.  yellow - #fcffcd
3.  yellow - #fcffcd- the animation is too much.. jut make the sparkles all over the background (animated, deep yellow)



Sad.. lets make the eye shape of both the eye cropped and curved down crop (Same radious as left top crop). the color is good 2
no purple lines ecept for what you have in right eye of 2.. no tears in 2, for 3 it is fine

melanholixc and sypethic is good


angry -- the shape must be like thhis (the oupil must be as it is  noow - Just change the shape.. slanted curved crop)
1- keep the color white
2- the current red is good but same shape as 1 no additional shape
3- the shape of 1(as we discussed) and keep the smoke - remove the additional plus like shape you have

----


scare is good.. jut remove the crop- jut round eyes with what we have currently
curious is ok too
surprized is ok
sleepy is good

wink- the right eye must be smaller and bot eyes mut have curved crop and slightly slanted- outer edges higher .. rest is fine

flirty is cool


--- 
laughter must have more up  and down motion..  I mostly see heepy in eyes not sure why 
for sigh the eye must not be happy but content or frustrated
gasp must be not be with excited - but lets make it sympethic

for clear throat do not move earths mus just minor jerks sideways


node should be mor and (1-3 iteration - amplitude random but stays same for 1 fire)
no sis good 



sigh is sometimes showing happy sometimes angry...  it should alswas show content
clear thouat must stay speech emotion - may be just remove eye completely
node is ok - but keep the speech emotion - may be just remove eye completely
same with shake - remoce eye gesture completely



u

